1.
a. Kerckhoff's principle: the system is completely known to the attackers, only the key is secret. Therefore crypto algorithms are not secret
b. Nowadays the RSA allows one key to be public and one secret. This advanced mechanism not forseen by Kerckhoff is secure and widely used and its principle is fundamentally different from past cryptosystem. Another example is the Enigma machine, where the attacker knew the algorithm but not the key, but was nevertheless able to crack the code
c. attemp at general definition: always assume that the enemy will gain familiarity with the system (or whatever is in context) immediately. Never rely on secrecy

2. 
a. the type of cipher in the gold bug: simple sbstitution. How: freqency analysis, count the frequency of each cipher text letter and replace them with the equivalent letter with respect to usage in everyday conversation. After some successful guess, the remaining letter can be deciphered by guessing the actual word [1]
b. as consequence, Legrand was able to locate the treasure of the pirates


5. 
a. 2^88 / 2^40 = 2^48 seconds = 8919594.29 years
b. 2^82 seconds = 1.5*10^14 years
c. 2^216 seconds = 3.34*10^57 years

6. 4-9-1-5-7-10-3-6-2-8

7.
a. confusion: obscure relationship between plaintext and ciphertext
   diffusion: spread plaintext statistics through the ciphertext
b. one-time pad employs confusion only 
c. doule-transposition employs diffusion only
d. codebook with permutation employs both confusion and diffusion

9. Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise

11. code in a separated file

14. Hill-climbing: start with permuting the rows and give them scores based on how many sensible words appear. We can swap adjacent rows, and if the score decreases then revert. When the score hits a threshold or number of iterations reachs a certain threshold (given in teh beginning by the users), start permuting columns. Keep hill-climbing as did with rows. When threshold is reached but ciphertext is not solved, switch back to permuting rows and so on.

18. Ciphertext before additive sequence: 123, 332, 451, 233, 199, 202, 221
	plaintext: once upon a time or maybe twice

22.  
a. Conduct a forward search attack: The intruder guesses the plaintext by looking at the ciphertext (this attack is best if the size of plaintext is small), then encrypted his guesses with the public key. If the returned ciphertext coincides with the initial ciphertext then the intruder knows that one of his guesses was correct.
b. Prevent: Make the space of words used in plaintext diverse and large that it will be hard to guess the meaning of any ciphertext. Or avoid responding to message that is potentially from the attacker (i.e messages that are short, have small dictionary, or continuously sent in large number)
c. Not applied to symmetric cipher: Their mechanisms are different: most symmetric key is one-time and the key is kept secret. Without the key, the attacker doesnt know how to encrypt the key in the first place. Public keys come in pair allowing easy encryption and but safe decryption at the other end. The attacker can send multiple messages that will be encrypted by the same public key and decrypted by the same secret key. 

[1] http://nerdymovie.blogspot.com/2013/01/poes-gold-bug-cipher.html

